 Absolutely it is. And we're not taking it, uh, we're not taking it to them and we have to take it to them. You know, I didn't want to go into Iraq, I said, now he's a civilian, so I would say not too many people cared what I wanted to do. But that was a terrible mistake. Our terrible mistake number two was getting out the way we got out. President Obama, Hillary Clinton, the way they got out was absolutely insane. It will be talked about for many, many years and it really led to the formation of ISIS. Uh, we have problems in this country. We're letting thousands and thousands of people come into our country. We have no idea who they are, where they come from. There's no paperwork. Nobody knows what they're doing. And they're coming in by the thousands. And Hillary Clinton, it was announced recently that she wants to allow 550 percent more coming into our country from Syria, from the migration than Obama is allowing to come in.
 So it's got...
 Well, he actually had a speech. And it's -- it's so ... 
 It's actually... 
 -- it's not only true, it's sad because, I mean, how obvious can it be? You look at what's going on, World Trade Center, you look at San Bernardino, you look at so many different things. You look at Nice just recently. I have friends, they won't go to France anymore. They love France. They love the -- the city of lights, Paris. They love -- they love Paris. And I say to them, how was France this summer? Oh, we don't go there anymore. France is no longer France. And we're going to do the same thing to our country, Sean. So we can't allow it to happen and I have as big a heart as anybody. We take care of people. We'll build safe zones over in Syria. We'll do something. We have to have the Gulf states pay for it, because the Gulf states they make nothing but money...
 A hundred percent.
 Oh, 100 percent.
 A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And we have to... 
 Right. 
 Well, look -- look, I said one thing right from the beginning, I wanted to get out. We should have never been there and I wanted to get out and I've been -- I've been against it ever since. I mean you can look back to 2004, 2003, uh, in fact, on Neil Cavuto's show, before the war started, I said, let's not do it. We have other things we have to do, including fix our economy, which was a mess, OK, to put it mildly. But the way we got out was ridiculous. But I've been saying something ever since I've known you, keep the oil. Have I said that?
 Keep the oil. 
 Keep the oil. And...
 We went through -- and I said, when we went in, you know, in the old days, to the victor belonged the spoils. We -- if we -- I don't call it a victory, it's no victory. But certainly militarily, we wiped them out. But I said keep the oil and take the money and some of it give to the families of the soldiers who died. Give it to the Wounded Warriors. Give to the people that have been hurt so badly in that war. 
 And -- and it... 
 -- it -- it would be -- by the way, that would be such a small part of the money and the rest we used to pay ourselves... 
 Right. So...
 -- it's -- what I'm saying is keep the oil. Now, if they would have done that, there would be no ISIS. I said keep the oil. And I -- I think most of the audience has heard me say 200 times, I mean every time practically somebody or so . So I wanted to get out, but I wanted to keep the oil. So by nature, that means you're staying in because you're going to have to guard the oil, etc. Etc. But that oil is very prized oil, believe me. We have the same problem in Libya right now. We did the stupid attacks on Libya and we got nothing out of it and ISIS has taken over the oil and it's some of the finest oil in the world.
 So when I was young and went to school, I had always heard we never lost, this country, we never lost a war, you know, World War I, World War II, we -- we just didn't lose wars. And since then, I mean when you think of it, you look at Vietnam, you look at this mess that we're in right now, all of the money spent on this. I mean it's so sad. Trillions of dollars. I used to say $2 trillion in Iraq. But that was years ago. I mean I've been saying that for so long. Nobody even knows what it is. In the meantime, our country is going to hell. Our infrastructure is terrible. Our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our schools, our hospitals, they're -- we're like a Third World -- we're becoming like a Third World country. We're spending our money over there. With all of that being said, you have an enemy that wants to do serious harm to us, OK, beyond what anyone has ever seen. This is like medieval times.
 I -- I chose not to, but, you know, I -- we all understood what took place and these were great young people. And not only our people, they're doing it to their own people. They're doing it to Christians. If you're a Christian in the Middle East and they have you, it's very likely that's going to happen. The point is, they want to do serious harm. We have to take them out. We have to take them out very, very swiftly and viciously if necessary.  
 Generals have... 
 Right. General Flynn and other of the generals, these are great people. And I ask them all the time, if you were given your head , because right now, they're fighting a politically correct war. If you were given your head, just you go and you've got to get them out, how long would it take? I'll tell you what, they are... 
 -- they are telling me they could do the job very, very rapidly. Now, very rapidly is longer than you would like, but they could get the job done and get it done with precision and get it done. Uh, we have no choice, Sean. We have no choice. We have to take them out.
 Well, we're just allowing people into our country that some are going to be a problem. And we have enough problems in our country right now and you people are really proof positive. What you've gone through, it's unimaginable. I watched the Boston bombing so many times on television, how somebody can do that, how they got them on tape. It was genius police work, how they got them to start off with, but, you know, how they caught him. But when you walk -- you see them walking along like they haven't got a problem in the world. And they're looking to do mass destruction. And when I see that, I want to do something about it. I want to do something about it. 
 Sure.
 Sure.
 True.
 True.
 Wow! 
 Wow!
 Right. And there will be more. Look, we can be nice about it. We can say it's never going to happen again. There will be more. And what we're doing by allowing thousands and thousands, tens of thousands of people in here that we just don't know anything about, it's going to happen again, because there's something wrong. And until we figure it out, we have to stop it. And that was really a large part of the speech that I just -- I just ...
 Right.
 Well, you don't want to do that and...
 -- and if they knew about it, that would be one thing. And I assume they knew about it big league. But certainly they know about it now, so maybe they can give the money back. I've -- I've actually called... 
 -- I've actually called...
 And you know what? Let's give them the benefit of the doubt. They certainly knew about ...
 And but do you know what -- you know what... 
 They should give the money back. And I've been saying this for a long time. They should give the money back. 
 Well, you know, look, uh, there's a whole big phony deal going on. And I have to say, when we were talking about Benghazi, uh, the end, I don't know if everybody remembers it. I remember it. At 3:00 in the morning, essentially, who do you want to be at that phone at 3:00 in the morning? We have some people... 
 -- we have some people... 
 -- oh, I'll be -- hey, I'll be up, I will tell you that. 
 She was... 
 -- not too effective. 
 -- you know, the amazing thing, because that was a big ad and everybody made a big deal and she said she'd be there at 3:00. She wasn't there. But...
 But -- but she had a certain friend... 
 -- that was contacting her routinely all day and all week and all the time, routinely, and you had 600 messages trying to get through, different forms of message, and not one of those messages got through.
 Well, look...
 Right. Well, let me just you, you get very smart people. And there are those people. And they're very good at understanding what's going on. But beyond that, you use social media, because a lot of these people -- I mean they're better at social media than we are. ISIS, if you look at what ISIS is doing with social, they're recruiting over the Internet. And I also said we have to end that. We have to knock it out. We have to -- you know, some people would say oh, that's a terrible thing. 
 We have to end that. 
 But -- but, Sean, when you look at what's going on with the Internet and how ISIS is using the Internet and what they're doing and what they're doing to us and then you have people in our country that say oh, you can't do that, that's doing something so bad to us, here we are, people -- they want to blow us up. We have to be very careful. We have to take them out very swiftly, because weapons are getting stronger and stronger, meaner and meaner, and believe me, they want to come over here. Now, again, I was one that didn't want to go over there. But now you have no chance -- really, you have no choice. Now, one thing, when Obama announced when he's going out and we're going to -- all they did is they sat back. I couldn't believe it, when I was watching, I was watching this conference and he was talking about getting out and when they were getting out. I -- I'm sitting there, I can't believe that he would say it. And even Hillary Clinton, when she talks about the different things, she wants to -- why can't we just be quiet and do the job? Why can't we be quiet... 
 -- and do the job?
 I don't want to telegraph now...
 No, I don't want to tell them.
 OK. So when you look at, uh, San Bernardino, right, which was a horror show. She came in. She probably radicalized the husband. What a -- what a couple that was. That was a real beauty. 
 So if they would have looked at social media, they would have seen that this woman was trouble.
 We didn't look at social media. They just came in. Uh, they actually killed people that gave them a baby, uh, a baby shower -- a baby party. They had a child. They -- the 14 people that were killed, they were at the party honoring the birth of their baby and then they went in and they shot them all, killed them all. Look, there's something going on. It's a sick deal. It's beyond just normal...
 Sean... 
 -- this is a sick, sick deal.
 I'd throw him out. If you look at him, I'd throw him out. 
 You know, I looked at him. And you look, he's smiling.
 He had the red cap on. I thought it was one of my caps. I said no, no. 
 Make America great again, I don't think so. But he has the red cap. He's got a big smile on his face during the whole thing. He obviously liked what he heard, OK, from her. Look, we have to be so tough and so smart and so vigilant. And frankly, the Muslims have to help us, because they see what's going on in their community. We don't see it. They have to help us. 
 And if they're not going to help us, they're to blame, also. 
 But in -- in San Bernardino, they saw bombs laying around the apartment...
 -- in the apartment. And people saw it. And they wanted to be -- they called it racial profiling. We didn't want to call in because of racial profiling. In other words, a lawyer got to them and said you've got a problem here, you knew this was there, say racial profiling. But look, we have -- whether it's racial profiling or politically correct, we'd better get smart. We are letting tens of thousands of people into our country. We don't know what the hell we're doing.
 That's -- by the way, that's a little bit of a different subject, but it's all...
 It's related. A little different, but it's related.
 OK.
 Right.
 Paid for by somebody else.
 Doubled it.
 Doubled it.
 Right. You'd take it...
 In Syria.
 They have plenty of land, that I can tell you. But in Syria, there's plenty of money, because you look at the Gulf states, you like at the kind of money they have, there's nobody seen money like that. And they're not doing anything.
 They're not doing anything.
 Paid for by somebody else.
 Doubled it, he doubled it.
 ... in Syria. They have plenty of land, that I can tell you. But in Syria, and there's plenty of money, because you look at the Gulf states, you look at the kind of money they have. There's -- nobody has seen money like that. And they're not doing anything. They're not doing anything.
 Everybody.
 Everybody, right, everybody.
 I really do, mostly. But, you know, a lot of times the mainstream media, they put it on like, if I'm talking about anything else, they'll put that on. She is so protected. They are so protecting her. She hasn't had a news conference in like 250 days.
 Well, she is being protected by the government, definitely. I mean, how she got away with the emails is beyond anything I've ever seen in justice. But I have to say, she's being protected, and she's being protected by the media. When I say something about her, for instance, if I speak for an hour, and I talk about her for a half an hour, 45 minutes, nothing gets on television. They'll put something else on, but they won't...
 Other things get on television... 
 Look, let me just say, she's totally protected. I've never seen anything like it.
 And she doesn't really do that much. She'll give a speech on teleprompter, and then she'll disappear. I don't know if she goes home -- she goes home and goes to sleep. I think she sleeps.
 I guess she takes a lot of weekends off. She takes a lot of time off. And you know that's, frankly -- frankly, it's really not fair.
 Yes, right.
 You never say 100 percent, but I'm telling you pretty close 100 percent the wall gets built. We need it. You know, the Border Patrol... 
 The Border Patrol agents have endorsed me, along with Sheriff Joe and everyone else. 
 It gets built.
 We have to rebuild, it's all depleted. The military is depleted.
 One hundred percent.
 It could be done faster than that. We have regulations that are absolutely destroying our energy companies.
 Yes, I've already announced who the 11 could be. I have 11 people from which to pick. And I want to get as close to Scalia as I can. 
 You know, Obamacare is dying of its own volition, if you look at the  of Obamacare. You saw what happened with Aetna today. It's really... 
 One hundred percent, I'm telling you too. 
